Constructor:
   It is a special type of method which is used to initialize the object.
   In Java, a constructor is a block of codes similar to the method. It is called when an instance of the
   class/object is created, and memory is allocated for the object.

Why should we use the constructor?
  1)For cleaner and more readable code.
  2)If the fields of a class are private it's not possible to access them outside a class without constructor or method
    which means we can't initialize them without a method or a constructor.
  3)we can enforce rules like what kind of values are assigned to variables with the help of a constructor.
  4)If we want to make sure some lines of code should be always executed when object of a class is created we can put that
    code inside the constructor.

How to use constructor:
   When we create constructors inside the class and when an object of that class is created the constructor
   is executed automatically

   class Car{
   String make;
   String model;

   Car(String carMake,String carModel){
   make=carMake;
   model=carModel;
   }
   void display(){
   System.out.println(make+model)
   }
   public static void main(String[] args){
   Car bmw=new Car("BMW","M4");
   bmw.display
   }
   }


Rules to declare constructor:
1) Constructor not allowed any return type even void.
2) Constructor name class name must be same.
3) Constructors can't be created with a static keyword
4) We can use any access modifiers with Constructors.
5) If we don't create a constructor in a class a default constructor will be created by compiler.
   Takes the code written by us, and it converts that code to byte code which is easier to understand for Java

There are two types of Constructor: Non argument, Parameterized.
   No argument constructor is used when we want to get specific method, without getting all like with Parameterized.
   No argument gives flexibility to getting what we want without getting extra data.
   No argument constructor can be used once per class.

This. keyword:
  1)We can use this. keyword to access the instance variables when we have same named variables in your method or
   constructor of any block of code.
   2)This. can also be used to call a constructor to use it's already present variables.
   3)Why we use it --> it helps us reuse already written constructors contains same code
   4)Why we want to create multiple constructor in the first place--> we want to give end user flexibility that he
   can create the objects of our class in may different ways