Constructor:
   -C is a block of code that is used to construct objects.
Why should we use Constructor:
   -C helps us to initialize objects in cleaner readable way.
   -They are better than methods because they are called automatically when we create an object.
   -Most of the time fields are private and because of this reason we can't access them outside the class
   -which they are declared and can't initialize them
How to use the Constructor:
   We create the C by writing a block of code that has same name as a class name.
   When we create the object of that class it is called automatically.
Rules:
   1) Constructor not allowed any return type even void.
   2) Constructor name class name must be same.
   3) Constructors can't be created with a static keyword
   4) We can use any access modifiers with Constructors.
   5) If we don't create a constructor in a class a default constructor will be created by compiler.
      Takes the code written by us, and it converts that code to byte code which is easier to understand for Java.
   6) When we create the object of the class then constructor is called. For example if the class name Dog(where every class is data type) ->
      Dog dog1=new Dog();
   7) We can create multiple constructors to give the other users' flexibility that they don't have to provide all the values to all
      he instances fields when creating an object of our class.
   8) we can call the constructor of a class by using keyword with parenthesis this() , we can pass parameters and java
   will decide based on these parameters which constructor to call.

THIS keyword:
   Whenever we can have same name variables as instance variables and local variables this keyword can help us to resolve
   the conflict between local and instance variable.

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Inheritance
WHat is inheritance?
   is a mechanism in java through which we can get the properties and methods from parent class inside the child class
Why should we use inheritance?
    It helps us remove the amount of code that  we have to write. For example: if there are some properties and methods
    which are present in many different classes we can create a parent class for all of those properties and can put the
    common properties or method inside that parent class and can make children classes that extend that parent class.
How we can use inheritance:
   1) Create a parent class
   2) Put all the common methods and properties from children classes inside that parent class.
   3) Use EXTENDS keyword to inherit from parent class

   Types of Inheritance:
Rules:
1)Private fields and private methods cannot be inherited inside the children classes.
2)Constructor cannot be inherited